well howdy there internet people is Bo
again I'm a little under the weather so
I was sitting around watching youtube
videos and even though I wasn't gonna
make a video today and looks like an
going to because I found a video from
pure TV they have my picture on it I
immediately point huh I've not seen
wants to talk let's let's talks I'm
ready to jump in the comments section I
get there and find out it's not that
it's a black eye cream critiquing the
reparations video and he broke it up
into two parts
I watched them and I loved the way he
did it because he did it conversation
let's talk about it and I think doing it
being video my response like this will
help other people have jumped in on a
conversation so the first thing brought
up the hundred million dollars yeah
that's not the value of slavery the
value of slavery is definitely way more
than that that's just the largest number
I've ever seen tossed out in a plant by
a politician so again I'm one of those
people I want results and if this is the
biggest number that's been thrown out we
need to start there and when people
throughout the hundred billion dollar
number why people freaked out
however the tax exemption thing I like
it but as you said in your video may be
a tweak so I want to propose my tweak
because there's one issue with it that I
see the median black household income is
right in 30 grand
okay and at 30 grand that's the point
where you hit zero federal income tax
your effective tax rate after your
deductions and everything is nothing so
you end up paying nothing or getting
money back and less income you have the
more money you get back you actually
will end up getting more back than you
paid in so the idea of tax exemptions
just pulling you guys out of the system
it's gonna hurt the people at the bottom
it's gonna hurt the people that need it
most
it's really gonna help people that are
making money already but those people at
the bottom is it's gonna hurt them so
rather than a tax exemption what about a
tax credit a refundable tax credit
more importantly doing it that way if
they're making 200 grand a year yeah
it's benefiting them if they're at the
point where they're already paying
nothing in taxes that income tax refund
is even bigger and they would get it
year after year now the other part I
mean aside from it actually creating
benefit the other part I like about this
is that it's doable you know if we want
to create results the first thing we
have to do is get the legislation
enacted okay trillion dollar reparations
funds that's going to be really hard to
sell politically tax credits did why
people hate taxes that you would find
allies in all kinds of weird places you
know there are whole groups of people
that are predominantly white that would
be opposed to any form of reparations
but if you phrase it as tax credits
taxation is theft of course they need to
of course do that you will find people
that would march against you in the
street supporting this just based on the
idea that it's cutting down on
government extortion which is how it's
viewed so that from a grassroots level
and that's gonna be something that can
be done I mean aside from the
effectiveness of it which I do believe
that that would be pretty effective
it's something that can be accomplished
and that that's one of those things that
a lot of the reparation plans I've seen
I'm like that's gonna be really hard to
sell any time in the next 60 years this
is something that if with a right amount
of organizing could be done pretty
quickly
so it again it's just a thought I
appreciate the way you critiqued it and
turn it into a conversation which is the
whole point of my channel so I really do
appreciate that
anyway just a thought y'all have a good
night